# Beta 11 (10 August 2016)
--------------------------

### THE BUILD PROCESS:

-- The build process is complete and active. I made a short video about how it works, including a discussion of WHY it works the way it does. Watch the video, then give it a shot: https://www.dropbox.com/s/irq4z7w8wm9949h/The%20Build%20Process.mp4?dl=0


### Changes:

-- The project config file can now be hidden. The option is in the General tab of Project Settings.

-- Hooks set in "New Project Defaults" (if any) will now migrate from 2.x to 3.0. Not for you guys, because you've already installed 3.0 once, but for everyone else they should come across.







# Beta 10 (26 July 2016)
------------------------

### New:
The UI for the BUILD section is now complete. Please give it a go; I'm hoping it's self-explanatory. You can add steps to the build flow and those steps will be saved in your project config, but the actual "build project" button does not yet do anything. There's a couple things to finalize there; it will be active in the next beta. In the meantime, please take a look at the build UI and let me know what you think, etc.

### Changes:

-New file icons for all types that CodeKit supports (Less, Sass, etc.)

-The 'codekit3.config' file is now double-clickable to add or switch to a project in the app.


### Component Updates:

-pug 1.0.0-alpha6

-autoprefixer 6.3.7

-uglify-js 2.7.0

-stylus 0.54.5

-eslint 3.1.1 (bunch of new rules)

-babel 6.11.4

-less-clean-css 1.5.1

-node 6.3.1

-neat 1.8 (no longer requires Bourbon)





# Beta 9 (13 July 2016)
-----------------------

### Critical:
The name of the settings file has changed from "codekit3.config" to "config.codekit3". For projects that you've been using with the CodeKit 3 beta, you need to manually change the name of the config file before you add the project to Beta 9. Otherwise, the app won't use your saved settings for that project.


### Fixed:

-- The "Apply To Existing Files" button in the Languages section of Project Settings now works.

-- Continued Build implementation (it's coming; I swear.)

-- Other stuff I forgot to put in my Git notes.






# Beta 8 (29 June 2016)
-----------------------

This release fixes a few things. I've mainly been working on the build flow, which has had to change pretty dramatically after I realized there was a shortcoming in my earlier approach. While it looks like this release doesn't have too much in it, there's a LOT going on under the hood to make the build process come together. Hang in there.

### Fixed:

-- Renaming files will now (again) correctly trigger a project refresh to capture the change.

-- The item counts in the project sidebar and popover now stay in sync.

-- The project sidebar's subtitles are no longer editable.

-- If you rename a project folder on disk, CodeKit now adopts that new name in the UI unless you have previously edited the name in the UI to assign a specific value.

-- The rare and incorrect "missing on disk" for newly-added projects should FINALLY no longer occur. 

-- Dragging to reorder Hooks would sometimes drop the dragged Hook in the wrong spot due to a bug in NSTableView. That has been worked-around.



# Beta 7 (15 June 2016)
-----------------------

### CRITICAL: 
Beta 7 includes a new config file format. If you are not careful, it will obliterate your settings and output paths for existing 3.0 projects created with Betas 1-6. To avoid that, do the following:

1. Download the "CK3Migrator" zip from this repo.
2. Open a Terminal window and use the cd command to switch to a directory that contains "codekit3.config" files generated by betas 1-6.
3. Drag and drop the unzipped CK3Migrator onto the Terminal Window.
4. Hit Enter. 

This tool will recursively walk every subfolder from the one you CD-ed into and look for files named "codekit3.config". When it finds one, it rewrites that file in the new format for Beta 7+. You can run it on your /Users/[myusername] folder to make sure you cover everything. This is only needed for 3.0 projects that have been in Betas 1 through 6. Projects that you have not yet added to CK3 (but which contain a CK2 config file) will automatically adopt the new Beta7+ format.

For a project with 30,000 files, this new format creates a 6.8 MB config file versus an 11.9 MB file under the old 2.x format.


### Fixed:
-- A crash that could happen in the Project Settings migrator

-- A crash that could happen when loading various popovers in the app

-- The "Skip This Folder" contexual menu item is now greyed out when used on an already-skipped folder

-- The red "disconnected" banner should no longer flash as you navigate pages in the preview server.

-- The build folder is now skipped only if your project is set to use a build folder. Otherwise, it's indexed normally.

-- An issue where creator/created files might not have been linked correctly

-- An issue where selecting files in the list and right-clicking to choose "Set New Output Path" screwed up the output filename of every file but the first.


### Changed:

-- All references to "OS X" are now "macOS". It's a brave new world.






# Beta 6 (12 June 2016)
-----------------------

### Critical Warning:
I'm going to change the format of the config3.codekit file to make it smaller for really large projects. To ensure you don't lose your settings, you need to download this beta release and add to the app every project you want to keep your 3.0 settings for. Then, install the next Beta when I release it. That one will not reset the data in the app, but it will write the new settings file format. As long as your projects are in Beta 6 when you install Beta 7, you'll be fine. 


### New:
-- The Browsers pane in Preferences has a new option to choose the default Preview Address.


### Changed:
-- Skipped Folders are now displayed in the UI with a custom inspector. If your project uses a build folder, you can choose to copy those folders to the build folder when the project builds.

-- The Build folder is now always skipped, if the project uses a build folder.

-- The project settings file for larger projects is much smaller. 30,000 file project was 11.9MB and is now 8.5MB. The next release will improve this even more, but I had to ship this one first to preserve your settings.


### Fixed:
-- Text is no longer blurry on non-retina screens.

-- PNG and JPEG optimizers now copy files to output paths correctly

-- A potential crash in the preview server if your project uses an external server

-- The Project Settings icon is fixed for non-retina

-- TypeScript files now minify output, if that's selected

-- An issue where settings could be lost for certain files if you moved them around on disk in a certain way

-- An issue where the app would falsely report one project was a child of another if the names were similar. e.g. "myProject" and "myProject-other"

-- An issue where the "Skip This Item" contextual menu command did not work on the clicked row.

-- Skipped Items list in project settings no longer cuts off text

-- An issue where build folder output paths could be calculated incorrectly for certain source folder paths

-- The "Change" link for setting a new Output Path is now hidden if the file is set to "ignore".

-- An issue where saving files in Coda 2 would trigger a project refresh instead of a processing action.






# Beta 5 (31 May 2016)
----------------------

### New:
-- Cmd+F will now bring up the search field if you're in a part of the app that can be searched.

-- JavaScript files now support ES6 'import' syntax. CodeKit will correctly map dependencies between files that use 'import'. A third section appears in the "Linked Files" pane of the JS inspector that shows these imports. The old @codekit-prepend/append statements are still supported, but you should not use both at once. Currently, CodeKit doesn't *do* anything with these links; you'll have to enable Babel and use the commonjs module to transpile the files into a single JS file that can be used in current browsers.


### Fixed:
-- An issue where the search fields would de-select themselves

-- An issue where Sass partials were not linked correctly by the import scanner

-- An issue where the TypeScript compiler's error messages weren't shown in the log.

-- An issue where the TypeScript compiler would report insanely long, relative file paths in error messages.

-- An issue that caused certain TypeScript import statements to not be detected correctly by the import linker






# Beta 4 (28 May 2016)
----------------------

### New:
-- TypeScript files using "import" statements now link dependent files correctly so CodeKit can compile the right parent file when dependents change. (The older "reference path" style is also still supported.)

-- ALL of CodeKit's import scanners have been refactored in this release. (This is groundwork to support ES6 imports in JavaScript and prepending/appending skipped files.) As a result, I need to test EVERY language in the app to make sure imports are still found correctly---especially imports that target CodeKit Frameworks.


### Changed:
-- New Preview icon.

-- Server icon has a chevron to more clearly indicate what it does.

-- Log messages are now monospaced

-- Log coloring tweaked


### Fixed:
-- "Use Libsass" checkbox is now disabled in Compass projects

-- If you change a setting and quit the app immediately afterwards, that change is now recorded in the project's config file before the app quits.

-- Changing Build Folder settings now resets the Preview Server correctly.

-- An issue where the app would incorrectly report that Project B was a subfolder of Project A when you attempted to add B to the app.

-- Stylus files now compile. 

-- Jade AND Pug files should now compile correctly.

-- An existing project can now never be added twice, even if CodeKit's file-watching is paused and you rename the project
 



# Beta 2 (23 May 2016)
----------------------

### New:
-- Hooks now add messages to the Log when they exit with a (0) code and print anything to StdOut or when they print anything to StdErr, regardless of exit code.

-- You can now add a Log message via AppleScript. See the AppleScript dictionary for the API.

-- There are additional commands in the Status Bar menu so you can control the app when running without the Dock icon.

-- JSX file extensions are now treated as JavaScript files.

-- The dock icon now switches to white when you enable Dark Menu mode.


### Fixed:
-- Issue where syntax errors were sometimes hidden in the log.

-- Issue where the "no projects" message might be truncated in the projects popover.

-- Issue where Jade files would compile but Pug files would not. 

-- Babel no longer writes a source map when maps are off.

-- The project title sometimes migrated down the window. It should not do that anymore.

-- It's no longer possible to change the output path of a Sass file in a Compass project. 

-- The "New Group" commands are now unavailable in the Projects Popover if there are no projects or frameworks in the app.

-- The default "Projects" and "Frameworks" groups can no longer be renamed.

-- Group names can now be edited by clicking anywhere. Previously, you had to click the first 30 pixels



### Changed:
-- Wider Preview icon with larger click target

-- ESLint updated to version 2.10.2. Couple new rules added.

-- ESLint has moved to the top of the Sytax Checkers list so that people use it.




# Beta 1 (17 May 2016)
----------------------

- Initial Release
- Forgot to mention in the video: If you add a Hook that runs on file types for which CodeKit does not have built-in processing (such as minifying HTML), those Hooks will be run as long as the file's output option is not 'ignore'.
- Gif optimization is also a thing. Select a Gif in the app to see it.
